now then we're going to we're going to
get in today
and we have my favorite guest here
mate brussels is here one of you they're
they're a despicable group of people
but i don't think they're as dangerous
as another group of people
it's because they're so obvious sure
they're in businesses
they're in corporations but they are so
ignorantly
obvious in their hatred
they're not sly they're not as cunning
nor are they as torturous or as
devastating as a group
that i think is our biggest villains in
this country and that's the nazis
and every time the nazis march in this
in this country the american nazi party
we should be doing something and people
say well they're not
nazis these are these young people that
you know that sort of believe something
and they get enjoyed dressing up in the
stormtrooper listen
it was the six nazis that beat me up the
night of the damn white
riot with the chains and i'm still
limping
and had had a little tumor removed and i
i know
don't tell me nazis i know nazis
and i've been doing some research there
was a marvelous program about them the
other night on
tv and i actually was watching tv to see
because it was
it was terrific some information from
that program which i was very surprised
the gun on the air i'm going to talk to
you about and just lay out just a few
things
that you should know about i know you
think the nazis are just a
handful of nine fools in a truck
shouting slogans just to make us mad
well that's not so there are a lot of
little booms there's a lot of little
groups
of nazis running around doing that
but but there's lots of nazis in this
country who are doing other things
and the most important thing is there
are a lot of very
influential people who are
deciding things about your life
and what is happening to you who are
nazis
hitler nazis and a great many of them
are
ex-s members of hitler's
regime and they're old a lot of them but
they've
they've been passing this down and
passing it down and they're all over the
world there are more than
200 nazi war criminals
living in america collectively right now
who were responsible for the death of as
many as two million people
right this minute here in the united
states
more than 200 nazi war criminals are
living
that we know of that we can document
that we can document who are living
collectively in america and responsible
for the death of two million people it's
interesting how the nazis and the nazi
collaborators
got to the united states and how they
managed to stay
here it's it's it's
even evidence after some of them have
been requested
protected and employed by the united
states government now some of them
came in the guise of people that they
killed in germany
in romania in czechoslovakia wherever
they were
some of them took the identities of
those people
and came that way and sneaked in but
a great many of them were brought in
by request and under the protection
and the employment of the united states
government
these are s s nazi
war criminals these are people who have
a responsible for the death of
millions of people
i know this sounds like i'm making this
up but it's true it's true there are
there were millions of people
murdered throughout germany before and
during world war
ii and there were a lot of nazis
all about that were there in latvia and
yugoslavia and romania
and the gypsies were so many of them
were
uh wiped out in the same fashion as jews
and the responsibility of the deaths of
these millions
who were in these countries such as
latvia and
yugoslavia and romania were nazi
collaborators who had organized and and
who would uh
was under a thing called i can remember
what they did call it now the iron
oh wait a minute i'll find it um
vanguard you're right the iron guard
made that's it
they were under the iron guard which was
an arm of the ss
in the other countries you know when the
war ended thousands of these murderers
escaped and the united states now is a
haven
for hundreds and thousands of these
war criminals the only country that has
more nazi war criminals from the ss war
criminals than we have
is argentina and west germany and chile
and chile
they have more we have the bulk
birthday no brazil brazil brazil
that's the only other countries that
have them like that they're here
we've got to examine how they got here
how they stayed here
and only now 35 40 years later are they
beginning to
try to seek whether people have been
seeking them out and working toward this
for all these years
but are they trying to prosecute them
there are people
these are people who are simply not just
soldiers
i don't want you to think they were
soldiers carrying out orders
because we keep saying well listen i'm
in the army and i was told to shoot
somebody that's my job
i'm not talking about the ordinary
german soldier i am talking about men
who were in leadership positions and
allegedly
killed and were it result
in responsible for the killing and the
operations of
civilians on the more than
200 cases under investigation in the
united states
today only 16 are now
active they know where there's 200 right
now boom
got all the information about them but
only 16 cases
are active and only 16 are in litigation
and those involve eastern europeans
responsible for deaths
in their own countries who are part of
this iron guard let me give you one case
in point and we're going to get to
may and may is going to give you all the
scoops for there let me just lay the
groundwork for this one of the men
that i can talk about a good example of
that involves the charges
against uh valerian tripa
now he's an american citizen
today and he is the archbishop
of the romanian orthodox church
the archbishop of the romanian orthodox
church and american citizen
bishop tripa now lives in michigan
he is stands now charged if convicted i
don't but stands charged with crimes
committed over 40 years ago
halfway around the world but he's been
here all this
time he got his american citizenship
he slaughtered romanians by the hundreds
and hundreds of jews in 1941
he was the terror of the iron guard
tripa
was a student leader at that time of the
iron guard
and the black list listed a negra as
they called it
to eliminate all jews and in 1941 he had
a program
over 200 jews were slaughtered
in a slaughterhouse by this man he was
in charge tripa
they were their bodies were mutilated
they were tortured and they were hung up
on hooks
like meat that includes
children as well as women men women and
children
by the time the program was over
uh people start started looking for
trepa
and they were they tried to find on the
people of romania they were
after him to kill him he had slipped
with his iron guard people across the
border
and had joined hitler
and joined hitler's forces in the ss he
was
tried in absentia and was sentenced to
la
to life and hard labor but by that time
as i say
he had fled uh with his iron guard he
fled to germany
to openly work for hitler since
1950 tripa this man
has lived in the united states safely
he's a former theologian theological
student
and he was elected and ordained
a bishop of the romanian episcopal
church and now resides and
presides as the bishop of this church in
grassland michigan did you know that
richard nixon invited him to give a
prayer at the senate
yes he did richard nixon he gave the
opening prayer for the united states
senate
in 1955 and a few weeks ago he was on
radio free europe and they said they
didn't know he's a worker that's right
he also has broadcast over the sponsored
radio
free europe the u.s justice department
will
try to is going to try to bring him to
count uh
distribute his citizenship and send him
back
across the seas but what will happen the
deaths of all these romanians
it's a little late now the tripa case is
similar to 16 others
that are now in litigation around this
country there are 16 others
they've been living there all this time
let me give you one more and then we're
going to get into some things that i'm
going to may
take over here another romanian nikolai
balaksa was a well-known noxi
collaborator
a wealthy industrialist and was a
partner in the munitions business
with the brother of hermann goring now
their factories turned out
uh weapons for war machines he was a
high member in the romanian
in romania in the financial districts
and he was a high member of the nazis
and of the nazi iron guard
he was one of the leaders on in the
murdering attack of remaining jews also
1941 in a forest
in bucharest just outside of bucharest
one
hundreds of jews hundreds of jews men
and women and children were killed
and their bodies mutilated and the
financial support for this murder came
from nikolai
meloxa prosecutor now says
he can't say why actions have not been
taken against these
known nazis uh no one in the government
tried
them uh on us at all and someone asked
himself
you knew who they are they've been here
there's 200 cases that you know of
uh why hasn't the government done
something about it because we did
promise after the nuremberg trial that
we would seek out nazi criminals and try
them
and the prosecutor for our country said
i don't know he says well on a scale of
one to ten
how what kind of effort do you think our
government has made
to seek these people out and do
something and
he answered on a scale of one to ten
he'll give the government
a week to
they were invited to this country in
various peoples of high places and no
action was taken against them now here's
one that i know man knows about
we're gonna get into before you go to
the next one yeah
can i add something to nikolai maloksa
in the book
wanted search for the nazis by howard
bloom that came out a few years ago
but before that came out in 1972 when i
wrote the article why was martha
mitchell kidnapped
that was my first published article
after seven years research
and i said that richard nixon was a
cover in long island before he was
put in in the house of representatives
by howard hughes the bank of america
his role was to assist in bringing the
nazis to this country
and my links of nixon to the nazis was
the first published article that i know
of in the united states if not in the
world
then bloom came out with this story the
same person that called richard nixon
and said do you want to run
for house of representatives come back
to whittier
was the same person that brought nikolai
miloxy but he came to richard nixon's
law office
in woodier california they have the iron
guard and adolf burl
the man who brought him from the state
department thomas
thomas buelling brought well all right
yeah but adolf burl
bbr ellie is the man who was in charge
of state department papers to bring
maloxa to nixon's office was the same
man who worked with richard nixon to
prosecute
alger hiss and i said that whitaker
chambers was also
part of this german network to set up
nixon's career
it escalated nixon's career it nailed
what alger hiss was doing and
whitaker chambers was working for a
lifetime for henry luce and this network
of spies
but he went directly to that office and
set up a dummy front called western tube
then went down to argentine to the
odessa which is the worldwide nazi
organization
and then later there's a ball of wax
because from
argentine came a man who later went to
the minsk radio factory where lee and
marina oswald met
and kennedy after kenny's assassination
then nixon becomes president united
states he had lost to john kennedy
there's a whole globe from romania to
new york to whittier california to
argentina to minsk
then nixon back into the white house it
only took a few years but the nazi
this nikolai maloksa with the worldwide
odessa
uh being put in by the bank of american
howard youth was in
his law office in whittier california
that well yes this is true because he
had western tube which was the company
this was the business partner
they were supposed to be making seamless
tubes you know which were it was a cover
they didn't make
anything they didn't do anything because
they never went under construction it
was to be
built and uh uh to be concerned with
american defense
at the time where it wore in korea 1950s
they said well he'll help us
with some construction but he didn't do
anything he was supposed to be died
odessa and he was supposed to be by
whittier california and it never
happened but
nixon and maloksa were close enough and
nixon went to his aide
together the immigration service wanted
to get him out
and nick those letters signed by nixon
and sent by nixon
uh and with his influence on that
malaksa uh was an important person and
should not be deported
and uh he was not deported he stayed
here in this country and died a
millionaire
he was one of the butchers of romania
but because of the influence of
you know nixon he stayed in this country
and died a millionaire now those are two
cases
uh he was not the only one with friends
in high places
according to a general accounting office
our washington general accounting office
it has all the documents that we have
here
and now a lot of these documents have
been found and a lot of them have been
made available because of the
information and freedom search
seven alleged war criminals were
employed by the cia
and one by the department of defense and
one by the department of state
in addition to 24 others have some
contact with cia and fbi
the cia and the fbi took these 24
nazi war ss men and brought them in
and put them to work for them to help
them
and uh they've been helping on since
because you see
what they wanted was they said their
expertise to fight back at russia
because at that time at that time
there was this thing about russia this
is just the beginning to tell you
of some of the nazis that were here i
could go on i've got several pages and
we're going to go on
and find out about more of them but we
want you to know
what i'm trying to get across is right
now a lot of the things that
are happening are happening because
these nazis now have positions of power
in our country and it's estimated
that for every nazi
tried and executed
a hundreds of them escaped
and they're somewhere when nuremberg was
over
dozens executed hundreds of convicted
nazis escaped but
even for every nazi criminal convicted
a hundred or more escaped in 1946
and the united states pledged to look
for them
and to cease them out for their crimes
and did not do that
uh did they really pledge to do it they
did this under the nuremberg it's in
there it's in the nursery
the testimony of the nuremberg trials
that they pledged that they would seek
out
uh any nazis and nazi war criminals and
bring them back to the countries
to be tried from wherever and of course
they did not do that they brought them
here
instead and in the boat loads they
invited they brought them here and set
them up with identities they brought
them here
and set them up in jobs and they gave
them jobs in the cia and the fbi
of course in government you know let me
just make something clear though for the
listeners because i think
we're on a broad subject and i think one
point should
be made perfectly clear if i can do it
when you say
we gave them jobs in the cia or that
seven war criminals
are employed in the cia i would like to
correct that
and say that when adolf hitler saw that
they were going to lose the war
in leningrad and then 1943
may of 1943 colton bruner and himmler
and heydrich the top nazis
had meetings that have been documented
to go underground and form again
the next reich you know that they would
continue
from a different terrain until they
could take control of the world and
try again um as soon as the war was
over before it was over in
the spring of 1945 in april before that
was over
chief of intelligence of eastern
division reinhardt galen
hitler's top spy top agent had been
meeting with alan dulles
in switzerland and in italy and this is
documented in many many books
galen's five of the century and many
books on galen
and they made arrangements for galen to
come to the united states so we had an
oss
which was our intelligence system we
never had a cia
and galen flew to the united states but
he'd only come dressed in a general's
uniform and went to the pentagon
and he designed for us the united states
had the executive the judicial the
balance of power the constitution had
done legislative
and he designed the national security
council based
from hitler's government as actual
government from 1933 on so that
nazis not only were employed in the cia
they formed
the central intelligence agency it's not
that seven were employed the whole
design
of the national security council was
done by hitler's chief of
intelligence and paralleling it just to
say
like j edgar hoover the fbi also had
nazi spies
j edgar hoover was vice president of
interpol
which was the nazi police with carlton
bruner and heydrich
whose idea was for the final solution he
was vice president and came back
and brought hitler's network into the
fbi that's why
they're always breaking labor groups p
you know putting down the workers
looking for the communist the working
class
looking the other way with organized
crime the dope dealers and the nazis
he didn't acknowledge any of them
existed and this is why they've been
protected by the law because our federal
agency j edgar hoover was a part of he
was corresponding with the top nazis
until pearl harbor and they said
cut off the correspondence because it's
too obvious he was part of that
organization which then moved with its
list of future exterminations from
germany
into france the interpol is still
a dope-dealing nazi connection it only
busts a few people's marijuana interpol
does
nothing to get these people and they it
when it was formed great for fiction
they're great for fiction and james bond
movies but to say that the cia or the
fbi implies nazi war criminals they were
actually structured
to exist you know uh yeah because one of
the things that they did say why and
when they have those that they have
brought to trial are they working on now
the papers are there we have the
documents and they are signed
by people like nixon and people in the
fbi people in high places
of of of of the cia and they
justified by the fact that they germans
were so anti-communist
and these were brilliant people
scientists and all and they wanted to
bring them over here
to help us to fight and get ready
against the germans
that's how they brought and this
figure is exact i am not making this up
900 german scientists
to the united states with under
classified documentation 842
projects i mean paper clips from 642 of
those
plus the other awards
that's project paperclip and you can get
a book and read on this
you can write to the government and you
can get any library
and they had also auto uh
fire and chemical company ambrose was a
chemist
uh he was there jp grace the ambassador
to germany
uh wr grayson company there was one of
your nazis
uh there was a there was one that
is right now that's in litigation now
and i don't think they'll ever that
they'll ever get him
who happens to be a um his name is
simsi simsikoff and i'm not sure the
pronunciation of his first name
but it is rahman sinsikov he
is a chief
purchasing inspector for for the paseo
county of new jersey which is a city
right
outside of uh near patterson new jersey
he's the chief purchasing inspector for
the passaic county
and he is also one of the butchers that
they were looking for
and they have him up for trial and i
heard some of his testimony that was on
tape and he says
i never even i couldn't kill a chicken i
couldn't even
there's probably right you know i
couldn't do this i've never done that
you're putting things down that my
children and my grandchildren are going
to have to think about me for years
but they do have materials listing him
there they're listening their schneider
they're
out of uh they have this woman there
there's walter
schreiber who was listed out of dachau
experimenting on people
there were women that they had there
there's just an
unending amount of nazis and this is
what we want to deal with today
they are in big business they're not
only in brazil
and argentina but of course they are
there like dignitaries there and all
but this is what we want to deal with
today now i just laid a groundwork
of a few things to let you know that
these people didn't just
sneak in a lot of nazis did sneak in
using the identities
of their victims but a lot of them were
brought to this country
by our government
and given the okay now this is the same
government that right now is saying to
you
join the draft we're behind you you know
the patriotism the whole thing this is
the same people
that brought the enemies and the
butchers
of world war ii into our country
and put them into various businesses
i would think a long time
before i decided to join the draft of
anything
until i got this cleaned out and i don't
know what would clean our country out of
this time do you
well i think one interesting project
would be to take
the 642 nazi scientists that came here
from project
paperclip yeah many are ucla they're
at boston hospitals they're doing mine
experiments body experiments chemical
tulane university and they're making
weapons
for rockwell hewlett-packard
i tech i have a list of boeing howard
used westinghouse litton industries
it'd be interesting to at belle
heliocopter for the world's nazis in the
world
walter dornberger became the executive
of bell helicopter in texas and
the man who owns that textron is the
head secretary of our treasury mr miller
um he was supposed to be hung at
nuremberg this doernberger but instead
they brought him to the dallas-fort
worth area to make helicopters for the
shah of iran and for the war
in southeast asia that's very
interesting here is the man who was
tried
convicted by the nuremberg oh in england
they said that they had
taped what he was saying in the cells
and that he they said he's the drag of
humanity
that he should be hung at nuremberg and
warner von braun said no i can't come
without dornberger
we made our rocket factories at punamon
and we used people
they brought people in to work you know
like at auschwitz
uh for ig farben with no food
they would work say 20 days and die till
their skin and bones and they'd bring in
the next 20 and die they didn't have to
have any food because they'd work them
till they die
take them they had enough when they went
into pournament there was just nothing
but
piles of bones just bones you know and
von braun and dornberger headed that and
those rocket factories and but then they
came to our so then he was supposed to
be hung
the british said he has an intent to
have the third reich the fourth reich
another
war he's you know arrogant he never
should be released and von braun said no
i won't come
if dornberger doesn't come with me so
von braun went to muscle shoals alabama
to begin the nasa program
and uh doernberger became the executive
of bell
helicopter for the war in
making helicopters for southeast asia
now it's the middle east and then it'll
be africa and it'll be the united states
you know the whole world uh
i would think that one of the
interesting things would be to get a
list of a project paper clip for the
government to say okay it's been this
many years they came over in 1945
46 give us their name what city they
live in how they were employed and how
much money they make today
i bet each one of those is making 40 to
60 to 80 or 100 or 200 000 a year
i bet they're teaching at stanford the
university of california here in
berkeley
ucla harvard yale or princeton just like
the kissinger family brought in from
germany and
he pieces up the world for the
rockefellers you know uh
it would be nice to know where they are
how much money they made while we
are impoverished well our education
system goes down
while there's dopes on the streets
there's high inflation
we're facing another war yeah okay let's
see if they are
the point is find the industries where
they continued
the desire to make war against russia
again
napoleon wanted it kaiser wanted hitler
wanted it
so they come to this country to gear us
up for another war of slaughter